Cluster_ID	Cluster_Size	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus	OTU_ID	primary_lifestyle	Fruitbody_type_template
c2	11339	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c4	5672	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c5	4845	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c7	4716	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma_terricola	soil_saprotroph	none
c9	4530	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriomycetidae	NA	NA
c10	4501	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillus_variegatus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c11	3806	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Mollisiaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala_fortinii	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c12	3705	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c13	3668	NA	NA	NA	NA	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	NA	NA
c14	3446	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Humicolopsis	Humicolopsis_cephalosporioides	soil_saprotroph	none
c15	3130	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium_polonicum_(coll.)	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c16	2985	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_humilis/clonocystis/epicladia	soil_saprotroph	none
c17	2692	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_nitidiuscula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c18	2557	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c19	2543	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c21	2441	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Paxillaceae	Paxillus	Paxillus_involutus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c22	2357	NA	NA	NA	NA	Dactylosporales	Dactylosporales	NA	NA
c23	2213	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium	Pseudeurotium	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c24	2171	NA	NA	NA	NA	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetales	NA	NA
c25	2079	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron_chlamydosporicum	soil_saprotroph	0
c26	2057	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Gloniales	Gloniaceae	Cenococcum	Cenococcum_geophilum	ectomycorrhizal	None
c27	2020	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriomycetidae	NA	NA
c30	1742	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Athelia	Athelia_acrospora	lichen_parasite	corticioid
c31	1647	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c32	1576	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Rhizopogonaceae	Rhizopogon	Rhizopogon_mohelnensis	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid
c33	1416	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha_finlandica	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c34	1384	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Luellia	Luellia	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c35	1368	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c36	1294	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_subbrunnea	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c37	1245	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Tylospora	Tylospora_fibrillosa	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c38	1201	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotiaceae	NA	NA
c40	1108	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis_dimorpha	soil_saprotroph	none
c41	1106	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c42	1095	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c43	1075	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c44	1014	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Rhizopogonaceae	Rhizopogon	Rhizopogon	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid
c45	998	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c46	993	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._obtusus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c47	988	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c48	967	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c49	941	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor_abundans	soil_saprotroph	none
c50	891	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c51	878	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_queletii	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c52	873	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c53	862	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe_conica_(coll.)	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c54	856	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron_pilicola	soil_saprotroph	0
c55	841	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_leptocephala	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c56	841	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c57	836	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c58	818	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c59	816	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Hydnaceae	Hydnum	Hydnum	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c60	813	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria_sphagnicola	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c61	812	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala	animal_parasite	0
c62	801	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Hyaloriaceae	Protodontia	Protodontia_piceicola	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c63	797	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c64	791	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_geophylla_(coll.)	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c65	788	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c66	778	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c67	773	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_byssinum	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c68	758	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Polyozellus	Polyozellus_griseopergamaceus	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c69	754	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c70	754	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema_byssoides	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c71	753	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_macrocystis/macrocystopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c72	752	NA	NA	NA	NA	Trechisporales	Trechisporales	NA	NA
c74	751	NA	NA	NA	NA	Tricholomataceae	Tricholomataceae	NA	NA
c76	727	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma_terrea/fuscescens/phenolicus	soil_saprotroph	none
c77	727	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrophoraceae	NA	NA
c78	723	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c79	712	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c80	689	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Leccinum	Leccinum_scabrum/rotundifoliae	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c82	683	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Ilyonectria	Ilyonectria	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c83	682	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c84	682	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_geophylla_(coll.)	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c85	666	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Goffeauzyma	Goffeauzyma_gastrica	soil_saprotroph	none
c86	662	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotiaceae	NA	NA
c88	650	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma__	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c89	650	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Cryptosporiopsis	Cryptosporiopsis	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c90	649	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c91	616	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_rebaudengoi	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c92	599	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c93	569	Basidiobolomycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus_haptosporus/ranarum	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c94	565	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c95	563	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephora	Thelephora_terrestris	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c96	559	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c97	554	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entocybe	Entocybe_vinacea	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c98	550	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Armillaria	Armillaria_borealis_(coll.)	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c99	543	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c100	542	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_sphaerosporum	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c101	539	NA	NA	NA	NA	Venturiales	Venturiales	NA	NA
c102	523	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma	mycoparasite	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c103	518	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c104	516	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c105	509	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c106	500	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c107	497	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c108	493	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c109	489	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c110	487	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_geophylla	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c111	485	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c112	479	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_vinosa	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c114	476	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_nauseosa	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c115	476	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hysterangiales	Hysterangiaceae	Hysterangium	Hysterangium	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c116	474	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus_deciduus	dung_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c117	466	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Chalara	Chalara_holubovae	litter_saprotroph	None
c118	466	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c119	465	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c120	465	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma_podzolica	soil_saprotroph	none
c121	463	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c122	460	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c123	460	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes	NA	NA
c124	459	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Discinellaceae	Articulospora	Articulospora	litter_saprotroph	0
c125	457	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea	Trichophaea	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c126	448	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentellopsis	Tomentellopsis	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c127	439	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Cylindrosympodium	Cylindrosympodium	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c128	427	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema_byssoides	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c129	424	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	NA	NA
c130	419	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c131	418	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillus_luteus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c132	418	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c133	409	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c134	406	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c135	401	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c136	399	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hyaloscypheae	Hyaloscypheae	NA	NA
c137	395	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Crocicreas	Crocicreas_epicalamia	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c138	390	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c139	387	NA	NA	NA	NA	Auriculariales	Auriculariales	NA	NA
c140	385	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c141	383	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum_porosum/sporotrichoides/dehoogii	soil_saprotroph	none
c142	380	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c143	380	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._acutus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c144	371	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pyronemataceae	Pyronemataceae	NA	NA
c145	369	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Pleotrichocladium	Pleotrichocladium_opacum	wood_saprotroph	0
c146	355	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c148	353	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hamatocanthoscyphaceae	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea	litter_saprotroph	0
c149	353	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina_epigaea	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c150	351	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Lachnaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum_pygmaeum/virgineum	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c151	350	NA	NA	NA	NA	Meruliaceae	Meruliaceae	NA	NA
c152	349	NA	NA	NA	NA	Eluderea	Eluderea_minerophilus_(GS25)	NA	NA
c153	347	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Cheilymenia	Cheilymenia	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c154	344	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Chalara	Chalara	litter_saprotroph	None
c155	337	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c156	336	NA	NA	NA	NA	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiomycetes	NA	NA
c157	331	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturia	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c158	327	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Clavulina	Clavulina	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c159	327	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Tylospora	Tylospora_asterophora	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c160	327	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c161	327	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriomycetidae	NA	NA
c162	321	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c163	319	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidiaceae	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium	litter_saprotroph	None
c164	315	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium	Rhizophydium	algal_parasite	zoosporangium
c165	314	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c167	312	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina__	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c168	311	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella_alobata	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c169	310	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_vulgaris	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c170	308	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c171	306	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c172	304	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._malicorius/semisanguineus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c173	297	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Syzygosporaceae	Syzygospora	Syzygospora_effibulata	mycoparasite	0
c174	296	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_acrifolia	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c175	295	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Amanita	Amanita_magnivolvata/brunneofuliginea/glarea	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c176	294	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c177	294	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces_finlayi	soil_saprotroph	none
c178	294	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita_	root_endophyte	none
c179	293	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c180	290	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c181	288	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_chloroides_(coll.)	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c183	287	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariaceae	Sordariaceae	NA	NA
c184	285	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c185	283	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c186	279	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c187	279	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c188	278	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema_autumnale	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c189	277	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium_penicillioides	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c190	276	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c191	273	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomiaceae	NA	NA
c193	272	NA	NA	NA	NA	Trechisporales	Trechisporales	NA	NA
c194	271	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c195	269	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c196	269	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hydnodontaceae	Hydnodontaceae	NA	NA
c197	267	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sporomiella	Sporomiella	NA	NA
c198	265	NA	NA	NA	NA	Glomeraceae	Glomeraceae	NA	NA
c199	262	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerellaceae	NA	NA
c200	261	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c201	261	NA	NA	NA	NA	Herpotrichiellaceae	Herpotrichiellaceae	NA	NA
c202	260	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c203	258	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c204	251	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentellopsis	Tomentellopsis	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c205	251	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c206	249	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Leohumicola	Leohumicola	soil_saprotroph	none
c207	247	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor_silvaticus/hiemalis	soil_saprotroph	none
c208	246	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturia	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c209	246	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c210	245	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c211	245	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron_maius	soil_saprotroph	0
c212	245	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola_fuscoatra/olivaea	wood_saprotroph	none
c213	244	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c214	244	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c215	244	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c216	242	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c217	241	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c218	241	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Lachnaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c219	238	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholoma	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c220	234	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c221	234	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Clavulina	Clavulina	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c222	232	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c223	231	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Capronia	Capronia	soil_saprotroph	0
c224	230	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_zonata/longigemmata	soil_saprotroph	none
c225	229	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_uraceus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c226	227	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c227	226	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_delibutus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c228	224	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium	litter_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c229	220	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c230	219	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c231	218	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina	NA	NA
c232	218	NA	NA	NA	NA	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetales	NA	NA
c233	217	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_pseudozygospora	soil_saprotroph	none
c234	216	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._mucifluus/stillatitius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c235	216	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha_finlandica	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c236	216	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c237	215	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c238	213	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidiales	Mytilinidiaceae	Mytilinidion	Mytilinidion	wood_saprotroph	hysterothecium_(opening_slith-like)
c239	212	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c240	210	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium	Geminibasidium	soil_saprotroph	none
c241	208	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c242	207	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c243	207	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c244	206	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c245	205	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c246	205	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Calycina	Calycina	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c247	204	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c248	204	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariales	Sordariales	NA	NA
c249	203	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium	Pseudeurotium	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c251	203	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Leohumicola	Leohumicola	soil_saprotroph	none
c252	197	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c253	196	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c254	194	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c255	194	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c257	193	NA	NA	NA	NA	Trechisporales	Trechisporales	NA	NA
c258	191	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_globulifera	soil_saprotroph	none
c259	186	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c260	185	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hymenogaster	Hymenogaster_griseus	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c261	184	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Xylodon	Xylodon_asper	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c262	182	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c263	182	NA	NA	NA	NA	Ascomycota	Ascomycota	NA	NA
c264	182	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Sympodiella	Sympodiella_goidanichii	litter_saprotroph	0
c265	182	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c266	181	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiaceae	Helotiaceae	NA	NA
c267	181	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c268	180	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c270	180	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta_fodinicola	unspecified_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c271	178	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hamatocanthoscyphaceae	Hamatocanthoscyphaceae	NA	NA
c272	177	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c273	177	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c274	174	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c275	173	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_cinerella	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c276	172	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella_subclavigera	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c277	172	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c278	171	NA	NA	NA	NA	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Lasiosphaeriaceae	NA	NA
c279	171	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Agaricus	Agaricus_	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c280	171	NA	NA	NA	NA	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	NA	NA
c281	171	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Galerina	Galerina	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c282	168	NA	NA	NA	NA	Thelebolales	Thelebolales	NA	NA
c283	167	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c284	166	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c285	166	NA	NA	NA	NA	Endogonomycetes	Endogonomycetes	NA	NA
c286	166	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c288	166	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c289	165	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Strobilurus	Strobilurus	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c290	165	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c291	163	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_coleoptera	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c292	163	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c293	162	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c294	160	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturia	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c295	160	NA	NA	NA	NA	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	NA	NA
c296	158	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c297	158	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c298	157	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_rufoalba	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c299	156	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina_rehmii	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c300	155	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cenangiaceae	Heyderia	Heyderia	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c301	155	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c302	155	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hydnaceae	Hydnaceae	NA	NA
c303	154	NA	NA	NA	NA		"_	Oidiodendron_periconioides_"	NA	NA
c304	154	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_sindonia	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c305	154	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c306	154	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c308	152	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Phialea	Phialea	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c309	152	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c310	151	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_aff._epipterygia	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c311	150	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c312	149	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sympoventuriaceae	Sympoventuriaceae	NA	NA
c313	148	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c314	146	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c315	143	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Thelebolaceae	Thelebolus	Thelebolus_globosus/ellipsoideus/stercoreus	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c316	143	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c317	142	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyphodiscus	Hyphodiscus	mycoparasite	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c318	142	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium	Pseudeurotium	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c320	139	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hebeloma	Hebeloma	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c321	138	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c322	138	NA	NA	NA	NA	Endogonomycetes	Endogonomycetes	NA	NA
c323	137	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c324	137	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_decolorans	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c325	137	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Rhizopogonaceae	Rhizopogon	Rhizopogon_evadens/roseolus	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid
c326	136	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c327	136	NA	NA	NA	NA	Clavariaceae	Clavariaceae	NA	NA
c328	134	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c329	134	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella_coerulea	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c330	133	NA	NA	NA	NA	Capnodiales	Capnodiales	NA	NA
c331	132	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma_rhodopolium	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c332	132	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Cudoniaceae	Cudonia	Cudonia_circinans	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c333	131	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Leotiales family incertae sedis	Alatospora	Alatospora_acuminata	litter_saprotroph	none
c334	130	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia_flanaganii	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c335	130	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c336	129	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c337	128	NA	NA	NA	NA	Clavariaceae	Clavariaceae	NA	NA
c338	127	NA	NA	NA	NA	Phacidiales	Phacidiales	NA	NA
c339	127	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_aurantiomarginata	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c340	126	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c341	124	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Mycenella	Mycenella_lasiosperma	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c342	124	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidiaceae	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium	litter_saprotroph	None
c343	124	NA	NA	NA	NA	Didymellaceae	Didymellaceae	NA	NA
c344	123	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c345	122	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c346	121	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c347	119	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c348	118	NA	NA	NA	NA	Trechisporales	Trechisporales	NA	NA
c349	117	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_bufonia	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c350	117	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Leucosporidiaceae	Leucosporidium	Leucosporidium	soil_saprotroph	none
c351	116	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c352	116	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Gelatinodiscaceae	Ascocoryne	Ascocoryne	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c353	116	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea	Trichophaea	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c354	115	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pyronemataceae	Pyronemataceae	NA	NA
c355	114	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Hypholoma	Hypholoma_capnoides	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c356	114	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c358	114	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_galopus	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c359	113	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c360	113	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c361	112	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium	Geminibasidium	soil_saprotroph	none
c362	111	NA	NA	NA	NA	Glomerellales	Glomerellales	NA	NA
c363	111	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Mollisiaceae	Mollisia	Mollisia	plant_pathogen	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c364	111	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS11	GS11	NA	NA
c365	111	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c366	111	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena_angustispora	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c367	110	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina	NA	NA
c369	110	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium	Lophodermium_piceae	plant_pathogen	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c370	110	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora	soil_saprotroph	0
c371	109	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Otidea	Otidea_leporina	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c372	109	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema_alboluteum	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c373	107	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor_hiemalis	soil_saprotroph	none
c374	107	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Membranomyces	Membranomyces	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c375	107	NA	NA	NA	NA	Endogonaceae	Endogonaceae	NA	NA
c376	107	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron	soil_saprotroph	0
c377	107	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae	Rutstroemia	Rutstroemia	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c378	106	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c379	106	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeriaceae	NA	NA
c380	104	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c381	104	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c384	104	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora	soil_saprotroph	0
c385	103	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c386	103	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrophorus	Hygrophorus_discoideus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c387	102	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor_hiemalis	soil_saprotroph	none
c388	102	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cosmospora	Cosmospora_arxii_(coll.)	mycoparasite	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c389	101	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c391	100	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Leotiales family incertae sedis	Alatospora	Alatospora	litter_saprotroph	none
c392	100	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c393	99	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c394	99	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c395	98	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea	Trichophaea	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c397	97	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscyphaceae	NA	NA
c398	97	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c399	97	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricales	Agaricales	NA	NA
c400	96	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c402	96	NA	NA	NA	NA	Phlegmacium	Phlegmacium_(syn._Cortinarius)	NA	NA
c403	96	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum	soil_saprotroph	none
c404	96	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor_strictus	soil_saprotroph	none
c405	96	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c406	95	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c407	94	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c408	94	NA	NA	NA	NA	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes	NA	NA
c409	94	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron	soil_saprotroph	0
c410	93	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Tausonia	Tausonia_pullulans	soil_saprotroph	none
c411	93	NA	NA	NA	NA	Letiomycetidae	Letiomycetidae	NA	NA
c412	93	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c413	93	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c414	93	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Polyozellus	Polyozellus_tristis	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c416	92	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Discinellaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma_ericae	root_endophyte	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c417	92	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_alliacea	soil_saprotroph	none
c418	91	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mollisiaceae	Mollisiaceae	NA	NA
c419	91	NA	NA	NA	NA	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	NA	NA
c420	91	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c421	90	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora	soil_saprotroph	0
c422	89	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c423	89	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_cincinnata	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c424	89	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Gautieria	Gautieria_	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c425	89	NA	NA	NA	NA	Inocybaceae	Inocybaceae	NA	NA
c426	89	NA	NA	NA	NA	Basidiomycota	Basidiomycota	NA	NA
c427	88	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Trichomonascaceae	Sugiyamaella	Sugiyamaella_paludigena	animal_endosymbiont	none
c428	88	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c429	87	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_flavoalba	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c430	87	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c431	87	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_odorata/versicolor	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c432	87	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c433	86	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariales	Sordariales	NA	NA
c434	85	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c435	85	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c436	84	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c437	84	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_pseudodestricta	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c438	84	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma_cetratum	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c439	83	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c440	82	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_clavicularis	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c441	82	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c442	82	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Ploettnerulaceae	Cadophora	Cadophora	litter_saprotroph	0
c443	81	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS22	GS22	NA	NA
c444	81	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Saccotheciaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium_subglaciale/pullulans/_melanogenum	sooty_mold	0
c445	81	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae	NA	NA
c446	80	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c447	80	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium	Geminibasidium	soil_saprotroph	none
c448	79	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c449	79	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholoma_vaccinum	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c450	78	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c451	78	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Odontia	Odontia	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c452	78	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae	Tephrocybe	Tephrocybe	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c453	77	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c454	77	NA	NA	NA	NA	Cenangiaceae	Cenangiaceae	NA	NA
c455	77	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c456	77	NA	NA	NA	NA	Herpotrichiellaceae	Herpotrichiellaceae	NA	NA
c457	77	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c458	76	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS22	GS22	NA	NA
c459	76	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Acephala	Acephala_macrosclerotiorum	soil_saprotroph	none
c460	75	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c461	75	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Connersia	Connersia	wood_saprotroph	none
c462	75	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema_muscicola	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c463	74	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Xylodon	Xylodon_borealis	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c464	74	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c465	74	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c466	74	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Chalara	Chalara	litter_saprotroph	None
c467	74	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c468	74	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c469	73	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c470	73	NA	NA	NA	NA	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes	NA	NA
c471	73	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c472	72	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma_viride_(coll.)	mycoparasite	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c473	72	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrophorus	Hygrophorus_agathosmus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c474	72	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c475	72	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c476	72	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius_mammosus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c477	71	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella_pilosa	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c478	71	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c479	71	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha_fuckelii	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c480	71	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella_mucidula	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c481	71	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c482	70	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c483	70	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_glaucopus_(coll.)	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c484	70	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c485	70	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c486	69	NA	NA	NA	NA	Eurotiales	Eurotiales	NA	NA
c487	69	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS22	GS22	NA	NA
c488	68	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c489	68	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mollisiaceae	Mollisiaceae	NA	NA
c490	68	NA	NA	NA	NA	Basidiomycota	Basidiomycota	NA	NA
c491	68	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pucciniomycotina	Pucciniomycotina	NA	NA
c492	67	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_armillatus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c493	67	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius_badiosanguineus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c494	67	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS22	GS22	NA	NA
c495	67	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hamatocanthoscyphaceae	Infundichalara	Infundichalara	litter_saprotroph	0
c496	67	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Paragymnopus	Paragymnopus_perforans	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c497	67	NA	NA	NA	NA	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetes	NA	NA
c498	66	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Hypomyces	Hypomyces	mycoparasite	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c499	66	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mucoraceae	Mucoraceae	NA	NA
c500	66	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c501	66	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Podosporaceae	Podospora	Podospora_appendiculata	dung_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c502	65	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Fayodia	Fayodia_gracilipes/bisphaerigera	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c503	65	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Botrytis	Botrytis_cinerea_(coll.)	plant_pathogen	none
c504	65	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c505	65	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hymenogaster	Hymenogaster	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c506	65	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c507	65	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sebacinales	Sebacinales	NA	NA
c508	65	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c509	64	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c510	64	Basidiomycota	Tritirachiomycetes	Tritirachiales	Tritirachiaceae	Paratritirachium	Paratritirachium	soil_saprotroph	none
c511	64	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c512	64	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycotina	NA	NA
c513	64	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c514	63	NA	NA	NA	NA	Ascomycota	Ascomycota	NA	NA
c515	63	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c516	63	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c517	63	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c518	63	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Leohumicola	Leohumicola	soil_saprotroph	none
c519	62	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Sarcoleotia	Sarcoleotia	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c520	62	NA	NA	NA	NA	Dothioraceae	Dothioraceae	NA	NA
c521	62	NA	NA	NA	NA	Rhytismatales	Rhytismatales	NA	NA
c522	62	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c523	62	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c524	61	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Ploettnerulaceae	Cadophora	Cadophora	litter_saprotroph	0
c525	61	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidiaceae	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium	litter_saprotroph	None
c526	61	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c527	61	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	NA	NA
c528	61	NA	NA	NA	NA	Auriculariaceae	Auriculariaceae	NA	NA
c529	61	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscyphaceae	NA	NA
c530	60	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis_isabellina	soil_saprotroph	none
c532	60	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c533	60	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena_pseudolactea	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c534	60	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c535	59	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c536	59	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Pseudoplectania	Pseudoplectania	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c537	59	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces_borealis	soil_saprotroph	none
c538	59	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c539	58	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Colpoma	Colpoma	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c540	58	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_subnudipes	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c541	58	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pucciniomycotina	Pucciniomycotina	NA	NA
c542	58	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta	unspecified_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c543	58	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c544	58	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_ferrugineovelatus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c545	58	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium_glutinans	dung_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c546	57	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c547	57	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS11	GS11	NA	NA
c548	57	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c549	57	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Hyalorbilia	Hyalorbilia_juliae	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c550	57	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pseudombrophilaceae	Heydenia	Heydenia	litter_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c551	57	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Bondarzewiaceae	Heterobasidion	Heterobasidion	plant_pathogen	polyporoid
c552	57	NA	NA	NA	NA	Tricholomataceae	Tricholomataceae	NA	NA
c553	56	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS22	GS22	NA	NA
c554	56	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c555	56	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c556	56	NA	NA	NA	NA	Basidiomycota	Basidiomycota	NA	NA
c557	56	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c558	56	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c559	56	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c560	56	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_bainieri	soil_saprotroph	none
c561	56	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c562	56	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c563	56	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c564	55	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Chalara	Chalara_hyalocuspica	litter_saprotroph	None
c565	55	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lycoperdon	Lycoperdon_perlatum	litter_saprotroph	gasteroid
c566	55	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c567	54	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia_tetramera	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c568	54	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Gloniales	Gloniaceae	Cenococcum	Cenococcum_geophilum	ectomycorrhizal	None
c569	54	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c570	54	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellaceae	NA	NA
c571	54	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c572	54	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c574	53	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes order incertae sedis	Sordariomycetes family incertae sedis	Clathrosporium	Clathrosporium_intricatum	litter_saprotroph	none
c575	52	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS18	GS18	NA	NA
c576	52	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hamatocanthoscyphacea	Hamatocanthoscyphacea	NA	NA
c577	52	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c578	51	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c579	51	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Crocicreas	Crocicreas	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c580	51	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c581	51	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	NA	NA
c582	51	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha_aureliella	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c583	51	NA	NA	NA	NA	Tricholomataceae	Tricholomataceae	NA	NA
c584	50	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c585	50	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c586	50	NA	NA	NA	NA	Venturiaceae	Venturiaceae	NA	NA
c587	50	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c589	50	NA	NA	NA	NA	Zoopagomycotina	Zoopagomycotina	NA	NA
c590	50	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae	Tephrocybe	Tephrocybe	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c592	50	Basidiobolomycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c594	50	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pleosporales	Pleosporales	NA	NA
c595	49	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pleosporales	Pleosporales	NA	NA
c596	49	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c597	49	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_sulphurinus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c598	49	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS22	GS22	NA	NA
c599	49	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c600	49	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c602	49	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c603	49	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c604	48	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_proximella	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c605	48	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Clitocybe	Clitocybe_nebularis	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c606	48	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus	Hymenoscyphus	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c607	48	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Discinellaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma_ericae	root_endophyte	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c608	48	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Podosporaceae	Podospora	Podospora_tetraspora_(coll.)	dung_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c609	48	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pyronemataceae	Pyronemataceae	NA	NA
c610	48	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c611	48	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscyphaceae	NA	NA
c612	48	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lycoperdon	Lycoperdon	litter_saprotroph	gasteroid
c613	48	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Rhizophagus	Rhizophagus	arbuscular_mycorrhizal	none
c614	48	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricales	Agaricales	NA	NA
c615	48	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hamatocanthoscyphaceae	Infundichalara	Infundichalara	litter_saprotroph	0
c616	47	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c617	47	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lycoperdon	Lycoperdon_pyriforme	litter_saprotroph	gasteroid
c618	47	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina	NA	NA
c619	47	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c620	47	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Cuphophyllus	Cuphophyllus_virgineus	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c621	47	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c622	47	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscyphaceae	NA	NA
c623	47	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Polyphilus	Polyphilus	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c624	46	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta	unspecified_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c625	46	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c626	46	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c627	46	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c628	46	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium	animal_parasite	0
c629	46	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c630	46	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c631	46	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c632	46	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c633	45	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellaceae	NA	NA
c634	45	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c635	45	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c636	45	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c637	45	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_bicolor	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c638	44	NA	NA	NA	NA	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	NA	NA
c639	44	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_olivaceum	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c640	44	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c641	44	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c642	44	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c643	44	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c644	43	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Mrakia	Mrakia	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c645	43	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella	Ophiosphaerella	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c646	43	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_alberichiana	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c647	43	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Thelebolales family incertae sedis	Gorgomyces	Gorgomyces	litter_saprotroph	0
c648	43	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis_changbaiensis	soil_saprotroph	none
c649	43	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c650	42	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	NA	NA
c651	42	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c652	42	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Pholiota	Pholiota_mixta	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c653	42	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturia	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c654	42	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_rosella	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c655	42	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c656	41	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c657	41	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c658	41	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c659	41	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c660	40	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c661	40	NA	NA	NA	NA	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	NA	NA
c662	40	NA	NA	NA	NA	Acarosporales	Acarosporales	NA	NA
c663	40	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Thaxterogaster	Thaxterogaster_multiformis	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c664	40	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula	root_endophyte	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c665	40	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c666	40	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS14	GS14	NA	NA
c667	40	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma	plant_pathogen	0
c668	40	NA	NA	NA	NA	Venturiales	Venturiales	NA	NA
c669	40	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c670	40	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c671	39	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c672	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Basidiomycota	Basidiomycota	NA	NA
c673	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c674	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Clavariaceae	Clavariaceae	NA	NA
c675	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c676	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	NA	NA
c677	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Trichocomaceae	Trichocomaceae	NA	NA
c678	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	NA	NA
c679	39	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._acutus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c680	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetales	NA	NA
c681	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c682	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Basidiomycota	Basidiomycota	NA	NA
c683	39	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Kriegeriales	Kriegeriaceae	Phenoliferia	Phenoliferia	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c684	39	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron_tenuissimum/setiferum	soil_saprotroph	0
c685	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c686	39	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c687	39	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c688	38	NA	NA	NA	NA	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	NA	NA
c689	38	NA	NA	NA	NA	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetales	NA	NA
c690	38	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c691	38	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c692	38	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina	NA	NA
c693	37	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c694	37	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala	animal_parasite	0
c695	37	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c696	37	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c697	37	NA	NA	NA	NA	Tremellales	Tremellales	NA	NA
c698	37	NA	NA	NA	NA	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	NA	NA
c699	37	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c700	36	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c701	36	NA	NA	NA	NA	Basidiomycota	Basidiomycota	NA	NA
c702	36	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	NA	NA
c703	36	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron_griseum/flavum	soil_saprotroph	0
c704	36	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Uncobasidium	Uncobasidium	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c705	36	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Spirosphaera	Spirosphaera	litter_saprotroph	0
c706	36	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c707	36	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_fulvescens_(coll.)	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c708	36	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c709	36	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c710	36	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c711	36	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c713	36	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c714	36	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mucoraceae	Mucoraceae	NA	NA
c715	35	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c716	35	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c717	35	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c718	35	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_pura	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c719	35	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetales	NA	NA
c720	35	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lepiota	Lepiota_cristata	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c721	35	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c722	35	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c723	35	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c724	35	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Dermoloma	Dermoloma	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c725	34	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c726	34	NA	NA	NA	NA	Eocronartiaceae	Eocronartiaceae	NA	NA
c727	34	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma	mycoparasite	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c728	34	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia_auricolor	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c729	34	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Operculomycetaceae	Operculomyces	Operculomyces	pollen_saprotroph	zoosporangium
c730	34	NA	NA	NA	NA	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetales	NA	NA
c731	34	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c732	34	NA	NA	NA	NA	Herpotrichiellaceae	Herpotrichiellaceae	NA	NA
c733	34	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Leotiales family incertae sedis	Alatospora	Alatospora	litter_saprotroph	none
c734	34	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c735	34	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c736	34	NA	NA	NA	NA	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolaceae	NA	NA
c737	34	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Crocicreas	Crocicreas	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c738	34	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_rimosa	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c739	34	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c740	34	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidiaceae	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium	litter_saprotroph	None
c741	34	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS11	GS11	NA	NA
c742	34	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Mollisiaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala_sphaeroides	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c743	34	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Lepista	Lepista_densifolia	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c744	34	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c745	34	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Capronia	Capronia	soil_saprotroph	0
c746	33	NA	NA	NA	NA	Rozellomycota	Rozellomycota	NA	NA
c747	33	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c748	33	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora_byssinella	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c749	33	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c750	33	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_queletii	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c752	33	NA	NA	NA	NA	Dothideaceae	Dothideaceae	NA	NA
c753	33	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c754	33	NA	NA	NA	NA	Piptocephalidaceae	Piptocephalidaceae	NA	NA
c755	33	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c756	33	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c757	32	NA	NA	NA	NA	Entolomataceae	Entolomataceae	NA	NA
c758	32	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Arachnopezizaceae	Arachnopeziza	Arachnopeziza	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c759	32	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c760	32	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._barlowensis	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c761	32	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Gautieria	Gautieria_monticola	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c762	32	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Hypomyces	Hypomyces_odoratus/_Cladobotryum_mycophilum_	mycoparasite	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c763	32	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c764	32	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma	mycoparasite	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c765	32	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c766	32	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyphodiscus	Hyphodiscus	mycoparasite	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c767	32	NA	NA	NA	NA	Venturiaceae	Venturiaceae	NA	NA
c768	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c769	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena_lactea	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c770	31	NA	NA	NA	NA	Clavulinaceae	Clavulinaceae	NA	NA
c771	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholoma_stiparophyllum	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c772	31	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c773	31	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Urnula	Urnula_hiemalis	plant_pathogen	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c774	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetales family incertae sedis	Resinicium	Resinicium_bicolor	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c776	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_lanatum	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c777	31	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c778	31	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pezizellaceae	Pezizellaceae	NA	NA
c779	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c780	31	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS22	GS22	NA	NA
c781	31	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c782	31	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c783	31	NA	NA	NA	NA		_Cortinarius_pholideus/privignatus	NA	NA
c784	31	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c785	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c786	31	NA	NA	NA	NA	Orbiliaceae	Orbiliaceae	NA	NA
c787	30	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c788	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c789	30	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes order incertae sedis	Microbotryomycetes family incertae sedis	Slooffia	Slooffia_cresolica	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c790	30	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c791	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Galerina	Galerina_fallax	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c792	30	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae	Hypogymnia	Hypogymnia_physodes	lichenized	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c793	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c794	30	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma_terricola	soil_saprotroph	none
c795	30	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c796	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c797	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c798	30	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c799	30	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c800	30	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c801	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_fuscidula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c802	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_acutus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c803	30	NA	NA	NA	NA	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	NA	NA
c804	29	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c805	29	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina	NA	NA
c806	29	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c807	29	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c808	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Squamanitaceae	Cystoderma	Cystoderma_	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c809	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c810	29	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c811	29	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS34	GS34	NA	NA
c812	29	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c813	29	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	NA	NA
c814	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c815	29	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Lachnaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum_pulverulentum	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c816	29	NA	NA	NA	NA		_Coniochaetales	NA	NA
c817	29	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	NA	NA
c818	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetales family incertae sedis	Hastodontia	Hastodontia_hastata	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c819	29	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Sagenomella	Sagenomella	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c820	29	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Pseudosigmoidea	Pseudosigmoidea_excentrica_	soil_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c821	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c822	29	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sebacinaceae	Sebacinaceae	NA	NA
c823	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_firmula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c824	29	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c825	28	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Kriegeriales	Kriegeriaceae	Phenoliferia	Phenoliferia_psychrophila/glacialis	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c826	28	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Leotiaceae	Microglossum	Microglossum_truncatum/parvisporum	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c827	28	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Phaeothecaceae	Phaeotheca	Phaeotheca	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c828	28	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c829	28	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c830	28	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c831	28	NA	NA	NA	NA	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetales	NA	NA
c832	28	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c833	28	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c834	28	NA	NA	NA	NA	Ascomycota	Ascomycota	NA	NA
c835	28	NA	NA	NA	NA	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetales	NA	NA
c836	28	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellaceae	NA	NA
c837	28	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Byssonectria	Byssonectria_terrestris/fusispora	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c838	28	NA	NA	NA	NA	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetes	NA	NA
c839	28	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus_dryophilus/ocior/aquosus	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c840	28	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tarzettaceae	Tarzetta	Tarzetta_catinus	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c841	28	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Cephalotrichum	Cephalotrichum	soil_saprotroph	none
c842	28	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius_vietus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c843	27	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariales family incertae sedis	Basidiodendron	Basidiodendron_trachysporum	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c844	27	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c845	27	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Coccomyces	Coccomyces	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c846	27	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c847	27	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c848	27	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c849	27	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c850	27	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS11	GS11	NA	NA
c851	27	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c852	27	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metapochonia	Metapochonia_bulbillosa	animal_parasite	0
c853	27	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Hydnaceae	Hydnum	Hydnum_melitosarx/rufescens	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c854	27	NA	NA	NA	NA	Basidiomycota	Basidiomycota	NA	NA
c855	27	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c856	27	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c857	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c858	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c859	26	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c860	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Gomphaceae	Gomphaceae	NA	NA
c861	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Tympanidaceae	Tympanidaceae	NA	NA
c862	26	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c863	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	NA	NA
c864	26	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Dothiorella	Dothiorella	plant_pathogen	0
c865	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hypocreales	Hypocreales	NA	NA
c866	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c867	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c868	26	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidiales	Mytilinidiaceae	Mytilinidion	Mytilinidion	wood_saprotroph	hysterothecium_(opening_slith-like)
c869	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Ascomycota	Ascomycota	NA	NA
c870	26	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea	Trichophaea	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c871	26	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c872	26	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Pseudoplectania	Pseudoplectania_nigrella	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c873	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c874	26	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Amylocorticiales	Amylocorticiaceae	Ceraceomyces	Ceraceomyces_eludens	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c875	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c876	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mortierellales	Mortierellales	NA	NA
c877	26	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Rhizopogonaceae	Rhizopogon	Rhizopogon_luteolus	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid
c878	26	NA	NA	NA	NA	Melanommataceae	Melanommataceae	NA	NA
c879	26	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Cystobasidium	Cystobasidium	mycoparasite	none
c880	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora_kavinioides	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c881	25	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c882	25	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c883	25	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Anthopsis	Anthopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c884	25	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS07	GS07	NA	NA
c885	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c886	25	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium_bialowiezense	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c887	25	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c888	25	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora	soil_saprotroph	0
c889	25	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideales family incertae sedis	Rhizosphaera	Rhizosphaera	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c890	25	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c891	25	NA	NA	NA	NA	Herpotrichiellaceae	Herpotrichiellaceae	NA	NA
c892	25	NA	NA	NA	NA	Ilyonectria/Dactylonectria	Ilyonectria/Dactylonectria	NA	NA
c893	25	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Operculomycetaceae	Operculomyces	Operculomyces_laminatus	pollen_saprotroph	zoosporangium
c894	25	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidiales	Mytilinidiaceae	Lophium	Lophium_mytilinum	litter_saprotroph	0
c895	25	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c896	25	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Anthracobia	Anthracobia	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c897	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c898	25	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c899	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Galerina	Galerina	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c900	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_colymbadinus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c901	24	NA	NA	NA	NA	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	NA	NA
c902	24	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentellopsis	Tomentellopsis	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c903	24	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala	animal_parasite	0
c904	24	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Pochonia	Pochonia	animal_parasite	0
c905	24	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c906	24	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c907	24	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c908	24	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Tympanidaceae	Calyptrozyma	Calyptrozyma	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c909	24	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_pura	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c910	24	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c911	24	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c912	24	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Mollisiaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala_glacialis	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c913	24	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c914	24	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c915	24	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora	soil_saprotroph	0
c917	24	NA	NA	NA	NA	Russulales	Russulales	NA	NA
c918	24	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella_lapida	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c919	24	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c920	24	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Stropharia	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c921	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS18	GS18	NA	NA
c922	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius_rufus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c923	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c924	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetales	NA	NA
c925	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetales	NA	NA
c926	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Ascomycota	Ascomycota	NA	NA
c927	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Tremellales	Tremellales	NA	NA
c928	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Subulicystidium	Subulicystidium	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c929	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c930	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c931	23	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Otidea	Otidea_mirabilis	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c932	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Basidiomycota	Basidiomycota	NA	NA
c933	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe_conica/nigrescens	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c934	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Tremellales	Tremellales	NA	NA
c935	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c936	23	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c937	23	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Ascocorticiaceae	Ascocorticium	Ascocorticium_aff._anomalum	wood_saprotroph	other
c938	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Rhytismatales	Rhytismatales	NA	NA
c939	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Gyoerffyella/Varicosporium	Gyoerffyella/Varicosporium_	NA	NA
c940	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c941	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	NA	NA
c942	23	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_pulchella	soil_saprotroph	none
c943	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae	Myochromella	Myochromella_inolens	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c944	23	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Leuconeurospora	Leuconeurospora	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c945	23	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hamatocanthoscyphaceae	Infundichalara	Infundichalara	litter_saprotroph	0
c946	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Rhytismatales	Rhytismatales	NA	NA
c947	23	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Wardomyces	Wardomyces	dung_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c948	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Ascomycota	Ascomycota	NA	NA
c949	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS27	GS27	NA	NA
c950	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c951	23	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces	pollen_saprotroph	zoosporangium
c952	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c953	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_lanatum	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c954	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c955	23	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hypocreales	Hypocreales	NA	NA
c956	22	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta	unspecified_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c957	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c958	22	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Chalara	Chalara	litter_saprotroph	None
c959	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c960	22	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Geopora	Geopora_cooperi	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c961	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Rozellomycota	Rozellomycota	NA	NA
c962	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscyphaceae	NA	NA
c963	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c964	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c965	22	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c966	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Thelephoraceae	Thelephoraceae	NA	NA
c967	22	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_bivelus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c968	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c969	22	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c970	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c971	22	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Sympodiella	Sympodiella	litter_saprotroph	0
c972	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	NA	NA
c973	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c974	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_	NA	NA
c975	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Eurotiales	Eurotiales	NA	NA
c976	22	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes	NA	NA
c977	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	NA	NA
c978	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	NA	NA
c979	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c980	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS07	GS07	NA	NA
c981	21	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron	soil_saprotroph	0
c982	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	GS17	GS17	NA	NA
c983	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Clavulina	Clavulina	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c984	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c985	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c986	21	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Amphisphaeriales	Sporocadaceae	Truncatella	Truncatella_angustata	plant_pathogen	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c988	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c989	21	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c990	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c991	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c992	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c993	21	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae	Bryoria	Bryoria	lichenized	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c994	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Rozellomycota	Rozellomycota	NA	NA
c995	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c996	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c997	21	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Sympodiella	Sympodiella_acicola	litter_saprotroph	0
c998	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrellaceae	NA	NA
c999	21	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala	animal_parasite	0
c1000	21	NA	NA	NA	NA	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	NA	NA
c1001	21	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c1002	21	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pezizaceae	Peziza	Peziza_(syn._Paragalactinia)	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c1003	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Calyptella	Calyptella	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c1004	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Galerina	Galerina_	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c1005	20	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Cudoniaceae	Cudonia	Cudonia_confusa	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c1006	20	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c1007	20	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tuberaceae	Tuber	Tuber_anniae	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c1008	20	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pleosporales	Pleosporales	NA	NA
c1009	20	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c1010	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium	Ceratobasidium	plant_pathogen	corticioid
c1011	20	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c1012	20	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota	NA	NA
c1013	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillus_variegatus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c1014	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella_terrestris	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c1015	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Galerina	Galerina	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c1016	20	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Morchellaceae	Morchella	Morchella	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c1017	20	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c1018	20	NA	NA	NA	NA	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina	NA	NA
c1019	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c1020	20	NA	NA	NA	NA	Xylariaceae	Xylariaceae	NA	NA
c1021	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita	root_endophyte	none
c1023	20	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyphodiscus	Hyphodiscus	mycoparasite	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c1024	20	NA	NA	NA	NA	Polyporales	Polyporales	NA	NA
c1025	20	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Leotiales family incertae sedis	Alatospora	Alatospora	litter_saprotroph	none
c1026	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hebeloma	Hebeloma	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c1027	20	NA	NA	NA	NA	Mortierellales	Mortierellales	NA	NA
c1028	19	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria	Ramaria_testaceoflava	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c1029	19	NA	NA	NA	NA	Ascomycota	Ascomycota	NA	NA
c1030	19	NA	NA	NA	NA	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscyphaceae	NA	NA
c1031	19	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c1032	19	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Polyphilus	Polyphilus	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c1033	19	NA	NA	NA	NA	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales	NA	NA
c1034	19	NA	NA	NA	NA	Fungi	Fungi	NA	NA
c1035	19	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricales	Agaricales	NA	NA
c1036	19	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria_falcata	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c1037	19	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c1038	19	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Stropharia_hornemannii	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c1039	19	NA	NA	NA	NA	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	NA	NA
c1040	19	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c1041	19	NA	NA	NA	NA	Helotiales	Helotiales	NA	NA
c1042	19	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium_schulzeri	soil_saprotroph	none
