Cluster_ID	Cluster_Size	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus	OUT_ID	primary_lifestyle	Fruitbody_type_template
c613	58	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Rhizophagus	Rhizophagus	arbuscular_mycorrhizal	none
c23	2079	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium	Pseudeurotium	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c116	489	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus_deciduus	dung_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c249	273	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium	Pseudeurotium	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c315	155	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Thelebolaceae	Thelebolus	Thelebolus_globosus.ellipsoideus.stercoreus	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c318	146	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium	Pseudeurotium	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c334	143	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia_flanaganii	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c501	93	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Podosporaceae	Podospora	Podospora_appendiculata	dung_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c545	58	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium_glutinans	dung_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c567	71	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia_tetramera	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c608	48	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Podosporaceae	Podospora	Podospora_tetraspora_coll.	dung_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c944	29	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Leuconeurospora	Leuconeurospora	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c947	36	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Wardomyces	Wardomyces	dung_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c1001	21	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia	dung_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c10	2985	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillus_variegatus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c17	2020	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_nitidiuscula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c21	1416	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Paxillaceae	Paxillus	Paxillus_involutus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c26	2057	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Gloniales	Gloniaceae	Cenococcum	Cenococcum_geophilum	ectomycorrhizal	None
c32	993	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Rhizopogonaceae	Rhizopogon	Rhizopogon_mohelnensis	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid
c35	941	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c36	967	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_subbrunnea	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c37	998	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Tylospora	Tylospora_fibrillosa	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c44	727	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Rhizopogonaceae	Rhizopogon	Rhizopogon	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid
c46	813	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._obtusus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c50	773	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c51	791	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_queletii	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c58	818	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c59	836	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Hydnaceae	Hydnum	Hydnum	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c64	873	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_geophylla_coll.	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c66	891	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c67	778	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_byssinum	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c68	683	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Polyozellus	Polyozellus_griseopergamaceus	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c70	1014	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema_byssoides	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c80	518	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Leccinum	Leccinum_scabrum.rotundifoliae	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c84	569	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_geophylla_coll.	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c88	616	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c95	448	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephora	Thelephora_terrestris	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c100	516	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_sphaerosporum	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c107	466	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c110	460	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_geophylla	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c111	563	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c112	319	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_vinosa	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c114	419	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_nauseosa	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c115	476	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hysterangiales	Hysterangiaceae	Hysterangium	Hysterangium	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c122	459	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c125	497	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea	Trichophaea	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c126	380	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentellopsis	Tomentellopsis	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c128	493	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema_byssoides	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c131	311	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillus_luteus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c135	439	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c143	315	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._acutus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c149	293	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina_epigaea	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c158	261	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Clavulina	Clavulina	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c159	321	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Tylospora	Tylospora_asterophora	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c167	251	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c168	314	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella_alobata	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c172	276	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._malicorius.semisanguineus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c174	244	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_acrifolia	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c175	267	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Amanita	Amanita_magnivolvata.brunneofuliginea.glarea	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c181	310	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_chloroides_coll.	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c184	246	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c202	204	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c204	217	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentellopsis	Tomentellopsis	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c205	196	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c210	220	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c213	165	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c214	216	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c216	182	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c219	166	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholoma	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c221	138	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Clavulina	Clavulina	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c225	297	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_uraceus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c227	181	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_delibutus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c234	177	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._mucifluus.stillatitius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c236	143	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c239	210	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c241	197	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c244	177	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c245	150	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c255	123	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c260	152	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hymenogaster	Hymenogaster_griseus	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c267	154	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c272	154	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c276	134	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella_subclavigera	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c286	139	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c290	138	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c291	114	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_coleoptera	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c292	168	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c298	152	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_rufoalba	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c299	128	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina_rehmii	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c304	154	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_sindonia	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c305	137	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c306	130	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c320	180	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hebeloma	Hebeloma	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c324	93	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_decolorans	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c325	96	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Rhizopogonaceae	Rhizopogon	Rhizopogon_evadens.roseolus	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid
c328	97	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c329	117	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella_coerulea	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c344	107	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c345	110	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c346	92	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c349	130	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_bufonia	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c353	96	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea	Trichophaea	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c356	101	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c371	121	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Otidea	Otidea_leporina	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c374	107	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Membranomyces	Membranomyces	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c378	96	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c386	80	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrophorus	Hygrophorus_discoideus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c389	81	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c395	98	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea	Trichophaea	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c398	72	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c400	82	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c407	83	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c414	71	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Polyozellus	Polyozellus_tristis	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c423	93	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_cincinnata	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c424	111	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Gautieria	Gautieria_	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c430	62	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c431	68	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_odorata.versicolor	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c437	99	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_pseudodestricta	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c448	55	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c449	51	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholoma_vaccinum	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c453	77	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c455	73	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c457	51	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c468	77	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c469	87	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c471	58	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c473	78	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrophorus	Hygrophorus_agathosmus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c474	49	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c475	49	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c476	50	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius_mammosus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c477	56	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella_pilosa	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c478	67	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c480	45	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella_mucidula	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c483	76	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_glaucopus_coll.	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c492	56	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_armillatus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c493	58	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius_badiosanguineus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c500	65	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c505	73	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hymenogaster	Hymenogaster	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c509	50	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c538	41	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c540	61	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_subnudipes	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c544	52	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_ferrugineovelatus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c557	78	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c568	66	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Gloniales	Gloniaceae	Cenococcum	Cenococcum_geophilum	ectomycorrhizal	None
c597	54	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_sulphurinus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c604	40	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_proximella	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c616	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c626	59	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c630	35	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c634	24	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c637	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_bicolor	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c639	39	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_olivaceum	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c640	35	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c641	39	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c642	34	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c643	45	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c646	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_alberichiana	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c649	39	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c663	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Thaxterogaster	Thaxterogaster_multiformis	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c669	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c671	48	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c679	35	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._acutus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c706	37	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c707	43	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_fulvescens_coll.	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c710	26	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c711	27	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c715	22	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c721	48	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c725	42	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c735	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c738	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_rimosa	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c750	43	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_queletii	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c760	22	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_aff._barlowensis	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c761	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Gautieria	Gautieria_monticola	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c771	48	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholoma_stiparophyllum	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c776	28	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_lanatum	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c779	49	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c785	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c788	36	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c797	17	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c801	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe_fuscidula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c802	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_acutus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c823	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula_firmula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c840	23	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tarzettaceae	Tarzetta	Tarzetta_catinus	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c842	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius_vietus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c849	28	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c851	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c853	17	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Hydnaceae	Hydnum	Hydnum_melitosarx.rufescens	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c855	47	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c859	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c870	20	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea	Trichophaea	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c871	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c877	16	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Rhizopogonaceae	Rhizopogon	Rhizopogon_luteolus	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid
c897	26	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c900	24	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_colymbadinus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c902	17	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentellopsis	Tomentellopsis	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c906	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c907	26	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c918	26	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella_lapida	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c922	12	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius_rufus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c929	18	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c930	18	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c931	17	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Otidea	Otidea_mirabilis	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c950	32	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c953	22	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma_lanatum	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c954	15	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c960	27	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Geopora	Geopora_cooperi	ectomycorrhizal	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c965	29	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c967	19	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius_bivelus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c979	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c983	24	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Clavulina	Clavulina	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c1007	28	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tuberaceae	Tuber	Tuber_anniae	ectomycorrhizal	gasteroid-hypogeous
c1013	23	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillus_variegatus	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c1014	35	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella_terrestris	ectomycorrhizal	corticioid
c1019	15	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c1026	18	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hebeloma	Hebeloma	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c1028	51	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria	Ramaria_testaceoflava	ectomycorrhizal	clavarioid
c1037	13	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius	ectomycorrhizal	agaricoid
c12	4501	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c33	2543	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha_finlandica	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c55	841	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_leptocephala	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c90	797	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c91	523	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_rebaudengoi	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c97	487	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entocybe	Entocybe_vinacea	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c98	336	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Armillaria	Armillaria_borealis_coll.	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c99	466	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c105	754	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c117	650	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Chalara	Chalara_holubovae	litter_saprotroph	None
c124	649	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Discinellaceae	Articulospora	Articulospora	litter_saprotroph	0
c137	712	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Crocicreas	Crocicreas_epicalamia	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c146	308	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c148	406	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hamatocanthoscyphaceae	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea	litter_saprotroph	0
c150	559	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Lachnaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum_pygmaeum.virgineum	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c153	353	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Cheilymenia	Cheilymenia	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c154	509	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Chalara	Chalara	litter_saprotroph	None
c163	427	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidiaceae	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium	litter_saprotroph	None
c169	244	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_vulgaris	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c185	208	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c188	245	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema_autumnale	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c200	245	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c217	242	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c218	279	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Lachnaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c226	203	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c228	278	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium	litter_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c230	172	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c235	269	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha_finlandica	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c253	178	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c264	246	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Sympodiella	Sympodiella_goidanichii	litter_saprotroph	0
c275	142	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_cinerella	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c277	166	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c288	186	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c289	110	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Strobilurus	Strobilurus	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c296	132	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c300	212	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cenangiaceae	Heyderia	Heyderia	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c308	244	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Phialea	Phialea	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c310	104	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_aff._epipterygia	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c332	191	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Cudoniaceae	Cudonia	Cudonia_circinans	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c333	155	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Leotiales family incertae sedis	Alatospora	Alatospora_acuminata	litter_saprotroph	none
c339	124	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_aurantiomarginata	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c341	96	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Mycenella	Mycenella_lasiosperma	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c342	193	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidiaceae	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium	litter_saprotroph	None
c358	127	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_galopus	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c365	163	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c366	95	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena_angustispora	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c372	93	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema_alboluteum	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c377	171	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae	Rutstroemia	Rutstroemia	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c391	134	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Leotiales family incertae sedis	Alatospora	Alatospora	litter_saprotroph	none
c428	57	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c429	63	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_flavoalba	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c440	56	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_clavicularis	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c442	91	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Ploettnerulaceae	Cadophora	Cadophora	litter_saprotroph	0
c451	58	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Odontia	Odontia	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c462	60	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema_muscicola	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c466	174	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Chalara	Chalara	litter_saprotroph	None
c479	55	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha_fuckelii	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c484	61	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c495	72	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hamatocanthoscyphaceae	Infundichalara	Infundichalara	litter_saprotroph	0
c502	73	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Fayodia	Fayodia_gracilipes.bisphaerigera	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c523	40	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c524	89	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Ploettnerulaceae	Cadophora	Cadophora	litter_saprotroph	0
c525	71	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidiaceae	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium	litter_saprotroph	None
c533	61	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena_pseudolactea	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c536	42	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Pseudoplectania	Pseudoplectania	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c539	61	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Colpoma	Colpoma	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c550	46	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pseudombrophilaceae	Heydenia	Heydenia	litter_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c564	40	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Chalara	Chalara_hyalocuspica	litter_saprotroph	None
c565	39	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lycoperdon	Lycoperdon_perlatum	litter_saprotroph	gasteroid
c574	52	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes order incertae sedis	Sordariomycetes family incertae sedis	Clathrosporium	Clathrosporium_intricatum	litter_saprotroph	none
c579	66	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Crocicreas	Crocicreas	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c582	56	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha_aureliella	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c605	34	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Clitocybe	Clitocybe_nebularis	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c606	48	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus	Hymenoscyphus	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c612	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lycoperdon	Lycoperdon	litter_saprotroph	gasteroid
c615	49	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hamatocanthoscyphaceae	Infundichalara	Infundichalara	litter_saprotroph	0
c617	48	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lycoperdon	Lycoperdon_pyriforme	litter_saprotroph	gasteroid
c621	46	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c647	50	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Thelebolales family incertae sedis	Gorgomyces	Gorgomyces	litter_saprotroph	0
c654	39	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_rosella	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c665	40	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c687	39	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c705	44	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Spirosphaera	Spirosphaera	litter_saprotroph	0
c716	22	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c718	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_pura	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c720	38	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lepiota	Lepiota_cristata	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c733	28	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Leotiales family incertae sedis	Alatospora	Alatospora	litter_saprotroph	none
c737	15	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Crocicreas	Crocicreas	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c740	61	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidiaceae	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium	litter_saprotroph	None
c743	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Lepista	Lepista_densifolia	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c759	44	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c768	36	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c769	34	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena_lactea	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c808	18	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Squamanitaceae	Cystoderma	Cystoderma	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c809	34	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellales family incertae sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	litter_saprotroph	corticioid
c815	23	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Lachnaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum_pulverulentum	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c826	23	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Leotiaceae	Microglossum	Microglossum_truncatum.parvisporum	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c837	55	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Byssonectria	Byssonectria_terrestris.fusispora	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c839	33	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus_dryophilus.ocior.aquosus	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c845	17	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Coccomyces	Coccomyces	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c872	34	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Pseudoplectania	Pseudoplectania_nigrella	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c894	23	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidiales	Mytilinidiaceae	Lophium	Lophium_mytilinum	litter_saprotroph	0
c909	25	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae	Mycena	Mycena_pura	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c920	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Stropharia	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c945	17	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hamatocanthoscyphaceae	Infundichalara	Infundichalara	litter_saprotroph	0
c958	23	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Chalara	Chalara	litter_saprotroph	None
c971	19	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Sympodiella	Sympodiella	litter_saprotroph	0
c997	17	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Sympodiella	Sympodiella_acicola	litter_saprotroph	0
c1003	13	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Calyptella	Calyptella	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c1005	24	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Cudoniaceae	Cudonia	Cudonia_confusa	litter_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c1025	12	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Leotiales family incertae sedis	Alatospora	Alatospora	litter_saprotroph	none
c1038	10	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Stropharia_hornemannii	litter_saprotroph	agaricoid
c729	39	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Operculomycetaceae	Operculomyces	Operculomyces	pollen_saprotroph	zoosporangium
c893	17	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Operculomycetaceae	Operculomyces	Operculomyces_laminatus	pollen_saprotroph	zoosporangium
c951	28	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces	pollen_saprotroph	zoosporangium
c2	11339	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c4	4530	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c7	3446	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma_terricola	soil_saprotroph	none
c11	3806	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Mollisiaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala_fortinii	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c14	4716	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Humicolopsis	Humicolopsis_cephalosporioides	soil_saprotroph	none
c16	1742	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_humilis.clonocystis.epicladia	soil_saprotroph	none
c19	2171	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c25	2213	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron_chlamydosporicum	soil_saprotroph	0
c31	2441	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c40	841	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis_dimorpha	soil_saprotroph	none
c43	1576	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c45	1294	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c48	801	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c49	878	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor_abundans	soil_saprotroph	none
c53	758	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe_conica_coll.	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c54	1245	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron_pilicola	soil_saprotroph	0
c60	727	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria_sphagnicola	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c65	542	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c71	812	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_macrocystis.macrocystopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c76	599	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma_terrea.fuscescens.phenolicus	soil_saprotroph	none
c83	479	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c85	485	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Goffeauzyma	Goffeauzyma_gastrica	soil_saprotroph	none
c108	554	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c120	550	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma_podzolica	soil_saprotroph	none
c121	351	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c130	349	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c138	424	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c140	353	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c141	465	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum_porosum.sporotrichoides.dehoogii	soil_saprotroph	none
c142	476	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c171	238	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c176	369	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c177	331	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces_finlayi	soil_saprotroph	none
c187	207	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c206	260	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Leohumicola	Leohumicola	soil_saprotroph	none
c207	216	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor_silvaticus.hiemalis	soil_saprotroph	none
c211	272	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron_maius	soil_saprotroph	0
c223	371	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Capronia	Capronia	soil_saprotroph	0
c224	142	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_zonata.longigemmata	soil_saprotroph	none
c233	194	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_pseudozygospora	soil_saprotroph	none
c240	154	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium	Geminibasidium	soil_saprotroph	none
c251	226	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Leohumicola	Leohumicola	soil_saprotroph	none
c258	171	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_globulifera	soil_saprotroph	none
c279	107	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Agaricus	Agaricus_	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c313	116	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c326	97	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c331	75	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma_rhodopolium	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c350	97	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Leucosporidiaceae	Leucosporidium	Leucosporidium	soil_saprotroph	none
c361	111	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium	Geminibasidium	soil_saprotroph	none
c370	136	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora	soil_saprotroph	0
c373	106	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor_hiemalis	soil_saprotroph	none
c376	185	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron	soil_saprotroph	0
c384	94	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora	soil_saprotroph	0
c387	111	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor_hiemalis	soil_saprotroph	none
c393	88	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c394	73	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c403	102	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum	soil_saprotroph	none
c404	74	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor_strictus	soil_saprotroph	none
c409	114	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron	soil_saprotroph	0
c410	89	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Tausonia	Tausonia_pullulans	soil_saprotroph	none
c412	76	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c417	57	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_alliacea	soil_saprotroph	none
c421	124	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora	soil_saprotroph	0
c436	64	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c438	84	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma_cetratum	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c447	79	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium	Geminibasidium	soil_saprotroph	none
c452	77	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae	Tephrocybe	Tephrocybe	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c459	77	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Acephala	Acephala_macrosclerotiorum	soil_saprotroph	none
c460	82	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c488	67	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c510	57	Basidiomycota	Tritirachiomycetes	Tritirachiales	Tritirachiaceae	Paratritirachium	Paratritirachium	soil_saprotroph	none
c517	70	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c518	94	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Leohumicola	Leohumicola	soil_saprotroph	none
c519	91	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Sarcoleotia	Sarcoleotia	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c530	81	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis_isabellina	soil_saprotroph	none
c537	84	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces_borealis	soil_saprotroph	none
c543	46	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c560	48	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_bainieri	soil_saprotroph	none
c590	54	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae	Tephrocybe	Tephrocybe	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c602	54	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c620	36	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Cuphophyllus	Cuphophyllus_virgineus	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c631	64	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c636	42	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c648	47	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis_changbaiensis	soil_saprotroph	none
c656	74	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c658	25	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c684	25	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron_tenuissimum.setiferum	soil_saprotroph	0
c703	44	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron_griseum.flavum	soil_saprotroph	0
c723	34	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c724	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Dermoloma	Dermoloma	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c742	22	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Mollisiaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala_sphaeroides	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c744	41	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c745	79	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Capronia	Capronia	soil_saprotroph	0
c749	52	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c772	22	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c777	29	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c793	46	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c794	19	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma_terricola	soil_saprotroph	none
c796	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c812	14	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c820	26	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Pseudosigmoidea	Pseudosigmoidea_excentrica_	soil_saprotroph	perithecium_(hymenium_hidden,_narrow_opening)
c821	18	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c830	26	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c841	47	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Cephalotrichum	Cephalotrichum	soil_saprotroph	none
c846	20	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c862	26	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces	soil_saprotroph	none
c883	14	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Anthopsis	Anthopsis	soil_saprotroph	none
c888	15	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora	soil_saprotroph	0
c896	15	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Anthracobia	Anthracobia	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c912	14	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Mollisiaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala_glacialis	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c915	20	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora	soil_saprotroph	0
c923	20	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c933	32	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe_conica.nigrescens	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c936	22	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella	soil_saprotroph	none
c942	36	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella_pulchella	soil_saprotroph	none
c943	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae	Myochromella	Myochromella_inolens	soil_saprotroph	agaricoid
c981	23	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Amorphothecaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron	soil_saprotroph	0
c1002	23	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pezizaceae	Peziza	Peziza_syn._Paragalactinia	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c1016	9	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Morchellaceae	Morchella	Morchella	soil_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c1036	16	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria_falcata	soil_saprotroph	clavarioid
c1042	15	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium_schulzeri	soil_saprotroph	none
c15	3668	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium_polonicum_coll.	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c89	816	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Cryptosporiopsis	Cryptosporiopsis	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c93	463	Basidiobolomycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus_haptosporus.ranarum	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c189	294	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium_penicillioides	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c270	204	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta_fodinicola	unspecified_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c542	56	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta	unspecified_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c592	49	Basidiobolomycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c603	30	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c623	39	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Polyphilus	Polyphilus	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c624	33	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta	unspecified_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c644	65	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Mrakia	Mrakia	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c683	23	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Kriegeriales	Kriegeriaceae	Phenoliferia	Phenoliferia	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c784	30	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c789	48	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes order incertae sedis	Microbotryomycetes family incertae sedis	Slooffia	Slooffia_cresolica	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c819	63	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Sagenomella	Sagenomella	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c825	17	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Kriegeriales	Kriegeriaceae	Phenoliferia	Phenoliferia_psychrophila.glacialis	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c886	39	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium_bialowiezense	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c908	25	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiales	Tympanidaceae	Calyptrozyma	Calyptrozyma	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c956	19	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta	unspecified_saprotroph	cleistothecium_(closed,_spherical)
c989	20	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium	unspecified_saprotroph	0
c1032	26	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Polyphilus	Polyphilus	unspecified_saprotroph	none
c34	1108	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Luellia	Luellia	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c62	862	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Hyaloriaceae	Protodontia	Protodontia_piceicola	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c145	460	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Pleotrichocladium	Pleotrichocladium_opacum	wood_saprotroph	0
c212	306	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola_fuscoatra.olivaea	wood_saprotroph	none
c238	206	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidiales	Mytilinidiaceae	Mytilinidion	Mytilinidion	wood_saprotroph	hysterothecium_(opening_slith-like)
c246	294	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizellaceae	Calycina	Calycina	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c261	160	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Xylodon	Xylodon_asper	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c265	194	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c281	131	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Galerina	Galerina	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c352	241	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Gelatinodiscaceae	Ascocoryne	Ascocoryne	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c355	106	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Hypholoma	Hypholoma_capnoides	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c461	104	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiales family incertae sedis	Connersia	Connersia	wood_saprotroph	none
c463	65	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Xylodon	Xylodon_borealis	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c467	72	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c496	39	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Paragymnopus	Paragymnopus_perforans	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c549	36	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Hyalorbilia	Hyalorbilia_juliae	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c627	44	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c635	50	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c652	34	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Pholiota	Pholiota_mixta	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c704	27	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricales family incertae sedis	Uncobasidium	Uncobasidium	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c709	43	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c728	35	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia_auricolor	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c748	31	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora_byssinella	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c758	35	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Arachnopezizaceae	Arachnopeziza	Arachnopeziza	wood_saprotroph	apothecium_(hymenium_on_surface)
c774	30	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetales family incertae sedis	Resinicium	Resinicium_bicolor	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c791	19	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Galerina	Galerina_fallax	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c818	39	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetales family incertae sedis	Hastodontia	Hastodontia_hastata	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c843	26	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariales family incertae sedis	Basidiodendron	Basidiodendron_trachysporum	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c856	21	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c868	35	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidiales	Mytilinidiaceae	Mytilinidion	Mytilinidion	wood_saprotroph	hysterothecium_(opening_slith-like)
c874	22	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Amylocorticiales	Amylocorticiaceae	Ceraceomyces	Ceraceomyces_eludens	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c880	17	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora_kavinioides	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c899	18	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Galerina	Galerina	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c928	17	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Subulicystidium	Subulicystidium	wood_saprotroph	corticioid
c937	23	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Ascocorticiaceae	Ascocorticium	Ascocorticium_aff._anomalum	wood_saprotroph	other
c988	27	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c1004	28	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Galerina	Galerina	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
c1015	18	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Galerina	Galerina	wood_saprotroph	agaricoid
